hi little creepers today I have a B and
heath the little 2-pack home ick ok I
had one this from a monster high on
their Twitter I'd give away and so I got
this for them says thanks for
participating in our burning hot once
your I give away then we'll try to the
course attention is their advertising
agency i guess that sends out the prizes
so i did get this for free full in one
from the twitter contest so we got Keith
here and we got a B and then they get
came with some food and on the back of
course it has a little recipes on the
back row notes I'll have all this on
flickr so you can see it give me a few
and i will pull them out of box okay
here they are pulled out of the box as
you can tell it comes with a stand for
both of them which is good i love stands
in a little book i don't know exactly
what it is yet but we will find out so
give me one more second and i will hop
this little babies on out and we'll get
a close-up oh right we have heath and a
be here Oh mix set out of the box we can
see some of their little I guess food
that comes with them
some kind of yellow goo stuff comes with
like a little mixture that looks like
little claws boom then you get a pie of
some sort a little measuring cup it
looks like with green fluid you got an
eyeball here some kind of cake thing I
guess let's go Lutz around and then you
get a little pink spoon here comes with
a brush as well then helmet helmet book
which i think is Heath writing in here
mostly all right let's get to the dolls
will do Abby first because she's pretty
quick first thing I noticed on her when
I was getting her out of the box is for
lovely hair I like how they did her hair
you know offsetting it you know pink
white pink white blue and white blue why
all the way throughout looks great I
like purple in the bangs ponytail works
I mean she's just cute all the way
around another thing I noticed right off
the bat it's how very glittery she
appeared to be right out the box I don't
know if you can really see but I noticed
she has more glitter than normal on her
body even on her neck here
and forgive my kids in another room
playing so you might hear them on the
background all right next up we got her
earrings looks like we got some spoons
or measuring spoons on this side and
this one looks like some kind of
lightning bolt but it's not it's like a
cup frozen stuff coming out of it really
hard to tell I'll pry off the bat with
him what it is love her shirt this is an
apron and the apron can be removed and
she just has the skirt I mean second
full dress she has on and she just has
this wrapped around it and it is
attached to her skirt does not come off
or the dress she's got her little pink
beads bracelet and then of course down
to her shoes just purple kind of jelly
like see-through shoes and then you got
the icy crater-like things on which is
pretty cool and all of them are colored
just a little looks like it's melting
blitz pretty cool and when I say by
melting is just ice things all right we
have heath care really likes to stop by
the way it's very pretty help he thought
off the bat and I'm going to apologize
his eyebrows on this side it looks like
it came off somewhat this is the way I
got him he does have bucks a head where
you can see the little
line from little thing from the box his
head just plastic fell it is plastic but
it works for him because it's flames
very cool i like that i like his
letterman jacket i think they should
make all the guys with the jacket like
you know that you see in the series of
course his has flames on it and he has a
little apron on too and he does have the
flames on his shirt here which is pretty
cool i like the fact that he's wearing
pants I don't like the fact that they're
not real denim pants that they're kind
of really just cheap cloth they still
look good for pants my opinion is that
they should have used dental it would
have looked nicer and would not look so
cheaply looking for some kind of doom
but I'm not really sure why they did
that but it's okay does it have to use
still maybe he doesn't worden on the
show I think dental would probably look
a little bit nicer and then they're his
slippers basically they look like deuces
at scarce I know slippers by his house
flames on it nothing much just slip on
he comes with a mix can take it off if
you let me take it off of him and yeah
it kind of leaves the mark so you might
want to be careful I don't know if you
see it may not but think I seen the
darkness shady park there all right
there it does leave the buffness stain
so he might have that light colored skin
since this yellow that stains by magenta
it has a little bit pretty cool but
other than that here is a be here is e
heath he doesn't have any accessories
and she just had the bracelet earrings
which is not bad I mean they come with a
lot of stuff like I said I got this from
matale I think it retails 3499 or 13 I'm
going on depending on where you go get
all but thank you again mattel for the
giveaway that you found on Twitter I was
lucky enough to get a set and I guess
that is yeah thank you guys for watching
see y'all later bye